# v4.0.0 Changelog

Welcome to Doki Doki Mod Manager 4! It's been a while. Here's a list of the new changes!

## Mods tab
New in DDMM 4 is the Mods tab! Your downloaded mods now live here, along with the featured mods and the brand new mod store, powered by the [DokiDokiModClub.com](https://www.dokidokimodclub.com) mod database. Find and install more mods than ever before!

## Mod categories
A highly requested feature, you can now move your installed mods into categories, allowing for easier sorting. You can keep completed mods separate from the ones that are in progress, or sort them by character - it’s up to you.

## Monika After Story integration
Want to take Monika on a trip out? DDMM now has a special option for taking Monika out with you without having to trawl through the game files to find her character file. DDMM will remember that you’ve taken Monika with you, so you can bring her home and carry on with ease.

## Backgrounds
After many requests, custom backgrounds are now available! Select any image you want for your background. You can also choose to allow mods to display themed backgrounds when you click on them.

Mod developers can provide their own backgrounds, or you can take screenshots in game and those will be used instead.

## Install archiving
Are your mods taking up too much space? You can now archive them, which frees up space used by the game files but keeps your save data intact.

## Better mod support
Mods that are distributed as `.rar` files now install properly, as do mods that are distributed as just the `.rpa` files.

## Interface overhaul
I’ve gone through every menu, popup and button and made significant changes where necessary to make sure DDMM’s interface is consistent and pleasant to use. Gone are the confusing full screen text inputs and ugly context menus!

## New website
The [Doki Doki Mod Manager website](https://doki.space) is now cleaner, faster and has more information. Check it out!

## Behind the scenes: App restructure
DDMM is now fundamentally split into two separate components: the user interface and the app logic. This not only makes development easier for me, but also means your experience is faster and more stable. Small updates to the user interface and translations can also be done without having to download a whole new app version, saving your bandwidth and time!

## The Rest
### New features
* Mod play time is now counted
* Ren'Py debugging options added (for skipping the title menu and splash screen)
* Added supporter information to the about screen
* Added an in-app issue reporter
* Added troubleshooting directions
* New first time setup screen
* Updated the install folder change UI to make it easier to use
* Language switching no longer requires a full restart
* Added force-quit game option (only on *nix for now since Windows doesn't want to work)
* Greatly simplified mod installation UI

### Bugs fixed
* Fixed some long-standing issues with mod format detection

### Features removed
* Removed accounts and cloud saves

### Backend upgrades
* Upgraded to Electron 9
* Console output now actually looks nice
* Changed to NSIS web installer
* Added `unrar-binaries` for extracting .rars
